(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) Zoran Kwame Mamdani, the youngest and first Muslim
mayor of New York City is trending across
social media.
Yes, absolutely, he deserves to be celebrated for
what he stands for and the politics that
he speaks.
While we celebrate, I think it's time we
ask some tough questions here in India as
well.
Why are mayor elections facing constant delays?
Why do only eight states in our country
allow people to directly elect their mayors?
In my own state, Tamil Nadu, why did
we move from direct to indirect elections?
Local government elections are not minor.
They decide how our cities function, how our
streets, water and public spaces are managed.
They are equally as important as state and
national elections because the real democracy begins at
the grassroots in our own neighborhoods.
I think it's time to remind our governments,
remind ourselves that we the people still hold
the power.
Let's value our local governments.
Let's demand accountability where democracy starts.